It’s time to face the music. (LAUGHS What are you staring at? You’re the one who stayed in
This is very wrong. You wanna face the music? Here it is. Tell me. Tell me the truth so I can
All right, enough talking. Time to face the music. At least tell me where Agent Blye is before you kill me.
I’m gonna get packing. It’s time for H.R. to face the music. Mm-hmm. [foreboding_music] Guys, I know H.R. can be annoying, but
It’s time. So… You ready to face the music? And make them dance to my tune.
No. Let them come. It’s time to face the music. [Knock_on_door] Yes? [Door_opens] Can I talk to you for a minute?
Okay, time to face the music. Let’s go. So long, Lionel. No! Come on,
We’re just gonna have to face the music and tell Syd. We tampered with an election. Do you know how serious
It just might be time for me to get back to my life. Face the music, so to speak. But you have a life here.
You got to face the music. And so will I if I don’t get you home soon.
Just go home and face the music. Get it over with, all right?
Spence, you just need to go there, see her, face the music, and pray to God she doesn’t come at you with a knife.
At some point, you’re gonna have to leave this place, face the music. You wanted to be with him.
Whatever it is, let’s just face the music. I hate music.
I’m a big girl, I’m just gonna… face the music. What are you gonna say?
Are you really just gonna leave Jeremy here all alone to face the music? What if she doesn’t like it?
Right now we come to a special part of the show, called Face the Music, and to help us with this, please welcome our guest performer, David.
You started it, and now you’re gonna have to face the music.
If they face the music on their debt issues, we could see a multi-year bull market.
Diana Krall’s version of “Let’s Face the Music and Dance” is heard through the monitors.
And face the music, the real reason the Republican Party establishment pushes so hard for “the middle.”
Time to get your ass out of bed and face the music!
It was time for Scott to face the music and explain what went wrong.
Those who lack the courage to come here and face the music.
You’ve got to face the music sooner or later.
Well, you blew it. Now, own it and face the music.
Priests and bishops who break the law need to face the music.
You too have to face the music one day.
Most newlyweds have to face the music — and decide how to handle relatives and friends.
Mark Shapiro and Chris Antonetti at least face the music when the Indians circle the drain season after season.
Sears Holdings… Face the music, Facebook would’ve been a logical replacement.
We better go face the music… he said, grabbing his boxers.
When Americans have to face the music it won’t be pleasant.
Guess they’re gonna have to face the music. Really? You went there?
Fellow Canadian Alex is next to roll into town to face the music on a bigger infraction.
I’ll meet you over there. I have to face the music first.
Might as well face the music. It’s pure folly to keep this farce alive.
We both need to get out there and face the music.