We’d like to dust off our forum interface and give it a much-needed face lift. That’s not to say you won’t see this familiar look for long.
Now, I can discuss any of those topics until I’m blue in the face, but he didn’t even know some of the things I brought up!
Amend your policies and training so that no activists face such harassment from your agents in the future.
I’m new at plating and read these forums till I’m blue in the face. I have 60 hours so far in trying to get a good flash copper.
The face with quarter round is the only side that needs to look good.
Let’s face it, so far they have tried fireworks, crying baby dolls, and a failed hoax video.
“I have rarely seen a human being whose face maintains such control,” says Orville Schell from the Asia Society.
She walked up to me and licked me in the face!! And no dog breath. I have a huge respect for wolves and their power.
Poor Obama and the racism he has to face. How did he get so far when the white man opposes him at every turn?
It is time for the Church and the culture around it to grow up and face facts: We are all in Christ irrespective of orientation, gender, or class.
Including having my teeth drilled with no anesthetic and getting shot in the face by a .38, at close range.
It involves taking a shot of booze and then slapping someone in the face. Please slap me in the face; it would be more refreshing than having to listen to this.
Please slap me in the face; it would be more refreshing than having to watch another second of this nonsense.
Both perspectives are essential as we face global problems which require cooperation on a massive scale.
Unless repudiated we face not only economic debt, consumption and greed, but also the mouthpiece of vested interests.
The Los Angeles-based real estate investment trust is turning its face more and more to the Bay Area.
I played the entirety of Twilight Princess with a sneer on my face. I just think that Zelda is doing the one thing that I hate in games.
I could face Ganondorf any day, but an online boss fight with no saves is another matter.
Like me, he’s nerdy, likes movies, live music, video games, graphic novels, and even the outdoorsy stuff like camping.
The nub of the disagreement inhered in whether, to prove violation of its music rights, peer-to-peer sharing was legal.
It’s no lie: Wagner Bros.’ The Music Man is getting a new star. The film has now been green-lighted after bringing fresh energy to the production.
“I make the music that appeals to me, and that I believe in,” Hutchinson said.
Others are believing in his music, too. Hutchinson’s work is well received in Norway.
On the bill tonight at the Jefferson, Dave Baxter’s outfit is performing music from the new Love Love Love EP. The title track made its mark.
I also have to admit to having been nervous before the initial music call. I hadn’t sung for this music director before.
Having been nervous before the initial music call, it FEELS like an audition no matter what anyone says.
Everything which doesn’t directly concern the learning of this particular music is ignored.
Carrie Underwood continues to prove to the country music world that she belongs in the same conversation with the heavy hitters in the industry.
For their sixth release, they didn’t bother demoing their music, but instead went down to Nashville and worked out the songs in the studio.
Event at the Kokopelli Plaza in Fruita featuring a day of cars, animals, music, food, and fun. The proceeds will support GVZQ in their mission.
The general manager of a group called the Music Industry Piracy Investigations (MIPI) has already indicated that bloggers are not immune.
Produced and directed by Robert and Kathy Chrestensen. Music by permission from these Pacific NW groups: Moonlight by Elk and Boar.
Shut up about how great Bonnaroo was will be relieved to hear that the summer music festival season is just kicking off.
Because music takes precedent on festival trips, attendees often overlook good travel sense.
Summerfest purports to be the world’s largest music festival, which doesn’t sound right at all, but it is definitely big.
I still hold strong on my stance for no voice-overs, though. The music is always great to listen to, and I like the strong, silent type.
We will be looking at replicating the solution we already have when searching the Ubuntu One Music Store from the web.