The aforementioned incident shook Lelouch rather badly and forced him to personally face the consequences of his actions and orders.
A paranoid man who was looking for trouble, and now he should face the consequences.
Real tough until they've thrown away their own life and face the consequences of their thug lifestyle.
Whatever choice we make, we are the ones to face the consequences and accountable in the choices we make in the end.
If a church wishes to negate its Corporate Tax Status, it should do so and face the consequences.
Children who at some point in their lives have decided to face the consequences of telling their parents who they really are.
If they decided to publish this paper too soon, then they must face the consequences of their decision and questionable science.
Old enough to do those things, then so be it; let her face the consequences.
Your gang fare with you, stay where you were! Or face the consequences.
To do something wrong, then you have a choice: 1. face the consequences of your actions; or 2. quit your job.
Make Todd Newman a scapegoat so Jesse Tortora does not have to face the consequences of crossing the line.
Half of his career on a fault line, but he may never face the consequences of it, because he's special.
Capturing Kony so that he can face the consequences of his actions is a very good start to reaching a solution.
So-called leaders have screamed loud enough and made the liars face the consequences of their lies.
Western economies prepared to face the consequences of an ageing population.
You can say we need to say what we think and face the consequences.
Talk about what you have done and be willing to face the consequences.
I'll do it all myself Sam. I did this and I'll face the consequences on my own.
Hewlett-Packard and IBM better be taking them seriously in these spaces or face the consequences.
Stevens is forced to face the consequences of his life's decisions.
Whether the United States Government is prepared to face the consequences of their application.
Account to God for the way we've lived our lives and then face the consequences of our actions.
Arrived at by rational means, and he (or she) should face the consequences of that without involving others.
Now she has to face the consequences and is still not admitting to her own mistakes.
Our country is going to have to face the consequences of Republican intransigence.
She was the one who would have to face the consequences of the choices she made.
No one is threatened by war, and all praise Doom—or face the consequences.
Be prepared to face the consequences of your words and actions by people who disagree with you.
Being a good friend sometimes means you have to let someone face the consequences of their own behavior.
To create and to act according to our concepts, and to face the consequences of our actions.
To cast the major characters and to participate in the decisions and face the consequences of character choices.
Urge to edit this live machine code (unless you're prepared to face the consequences).
Necessary to take all steps to consolidate military preparedness to face the consequences of the situation.
The team will have to face the consequences with you.
State legislators would have to face the consequences of their votes for funding with constituents being fully aware.
A highly irresponsible decision he was taught not to make and therefore MUST face the consequences for that decision.
I deserted my post to join the patrol. I will have to face the consequences of my choice.
Winner in bottom line dollars, loser in life… repent or face the consequences in a few decades.
Freedom—the kind of freedom where you are free to fuck up and face the consequences.
As flawed humans, they make their decisions and face the consequences of those decisions.
It is now time to implement austerity and adjustment measures, or to face the consequences of financial terrorism.
Blog readers just had to face the consequences.