We’d like to dust off our forum interface and give it a much-needed face lift. That’s not to say you won’t see this familiar look for long.
Now, I can discuss any of those topics until I’m blue in the face, but he didn’t even know some of the things I brought up!
Amend your policies and training so that no activists face such harassment from your agents in the future.
I’m new at plating and read these forums till I’m blue in the face. I have 60 hours so far in trying to get a good flash copper.
The face with quarter round is the only side that needs to look good.
Let’s face it, so far they have tried fireworks, crying baby dolls, and a failed hoax video.
“I have rarely seen a human being whose face maintains such control,” says Orville Schell from the Asia Society.
She walked up to me and licked me in the face!! And no dog breath. I have a huge respect for wolves and their power.
Poor Obama and the racism he has to face. How did he get so far when the white man opposes him at every turn?
It is time for the Church and the culture around it to grow up and face facts: We are all in Christ irrespective of orientation, gender, or class.
Including having my teeth drilled with no anesthetic and getting shot in the face by a .38, at close range.
It involves taking a shot of booze and then slapping someone in the face. Please slap me in the face; it would be more refreshing than having to listen to this.
Please slap me in the face; it would be more refreshing than having to watch another second of this nonsense.
Both perspectives are essential as we face global problems which require cooperation on a massive scale.
Unless repudiated we face not only economic debt, consumption and greed, but also the mouthpiece of vested interests.
The Los Angeles-based real estate investment trust is turning its face more and more to the Bay Area.
I played the entirety of Twilight Princess with a sneer on my face. I just think that Zelda is doing the one thing that I hate in games.
I could face Ganondorf any day, but an online boss fight with no saves is another matter.
University of Georgia, you better damn well support The Dawgs, or suffer the consequences. To translate this for politics fans, a sports fan considers someone not knowing.
Ask yourself, “Do I want the consequences of eating a candy bar every afternoon for the next year?” When tempted.
Do I want the consequences of always putting this off until tomorrow?
Including exercising every day (instead of taking the consequences of not exercising every day).
How long am I willing to accept the consequences of not studying my degree each night after work?
Throw up their virtual hands and make educated guesses about the immediate and future consequences.
There wouldn’t be any negative consequences, like all the ice melting everywhere.
Leaves us with a final, clever reveal that leaves open the possibility of future consequences long after this part of Joan’s story comes to an end.
The consequences of youth homelessness have many implications for the socioeconomic status of LGBT youth.
Beyond the statistics are the economic consequences in how LGBT relationships are treated.
There’s no question that religion can have some ugly moral and social consequences.
I continue to see Chemical Engineers being key in finding ways to mitigate unintended consequences as well as looking for ways to make the process more efficient.
There are unintended consequences to all of the bad choices that we make.
If we continue to allow sexual offenders to go without consequences, a large percentage of our country’s youth will not reach their potential.
Superintendent issues warning: “There will be consequences” for not submitting.
Galindo went on to suggest there would be consequences if she did not agree to wear the new badge.
There will be consequences for refusal to wear an ID card as we begin to move forward with full implementation.
Build enough wealth so that there is a good chance of there being tax consequences for your estate.
All the deleterious consequences to children subject to that environment flow from the sinful act.
Losing the legal battle will have serious consequences to the Church.
Sectoral changes have macroeconomic consequences.
Worldwide injunction is erroneous as a matter of law and threatens tangible and dangerous consequences.
The NDAA had been made to protect citizens from tangible and dangerous consequences that could happen given the wording of the law.